Not human
You guys can't even catch this woman?
Ah big brother
Originally, I, Ah Kun, was about to lower Tang Wu
Who knew that woman would suddenly appear?
And this woman is very good at fighting
Just two hits and beat me and Ah Kun out
If you don't believe me, you can ask Ah Kun.
Ah!
Hurry up and find it for me
You have to get it back.
Miss me grandma
I'm here, sorry.
When I brought you out of that fire
But didn't let you live a rich life
I never took you to meet your mother
Scare me yes
Mother grandma
Mom has come to Jiangcheng
I'll be able to meet her soon, really
Ok ok
You must get along well with him when you meet him
He must love you very much.
Miss needs rest every day
It's getting worse while you're young
It's this girl again
Did she come to the hospital to see the injury?